Add new parser, validator to tools page (#110)
FamilySearch/GEDCOM.io: _pages/tools.md

| Python | MIT license | <https://github.com/DavidMStraub/python-gedcom7> | based on regular expressions generated directly from the ABNF grammar via abnf-to-regexp |
| Go | GPL3 | <https://github.com/funwithbots/go-gedcom> | Golang package using ABNF grammar for validation |
| C | public domain | <https://github.com/gedcom7code/c-parser> | Parses tree and resolves points with syntatic validation |

> | Javascript | public domain | <https://github.com/gedcom7code/js-gedcom> | DOM-style, full validation, with full SCHMA handling and registry parsing; also supports programmatic creation of GEDCOM files |

Author: ```suggestion
| Javascript | dual licensed: unlicense and MIT license | <https://github.com/gedcom7code/js-gedcom> | DOM-style, full validation, with full SCHMA handling and registry parsing; also supports programmatic creation of GEDCOM files |
```
